In this video I'll show you a
invention that I made with bread recipe
of milk powder you already know the store
You're here on the channel, I'll leave the link.
below for those who do not know and I go
show you something different
What am I doing in this recipe to give
modified so that you do not always
the same bank of milk powder
I always have four
light snow
I will now add the two gems and
let's beating low impotence just for
mix the ingredients
here I have separated 12 women milk
skim powder I'll add
was also adding a little to
little beating
along with this mixture
now let's add three tablespoons of
maize
I'll put two tablespoons of
coffee of liquid sweetener
and I will also add four spoons
of wheat flour
ae
the last ingredient is baking powder
and if yeast is royal chemical ferment
White or red tin
add a woman only
and let's mix
now I'll do more and put half
of this mass in the form of silicone
I'll let her rest for 15 minutes.
and then I'll take it to the oven
preheated to 180 degrees for about ten
or 15 minutes or so this
process you already know
now that the differential with this
I have mass left and I will price two
spoons of cocoa powder other than sugar
two and a half spoons
I'll add a little more of
sweetener because cocoa and so
sugar top bitter half spoon
and another spoonful of wheat bran
now with this mass because we're going
do the following with the help of a
Spoon
on such a coconut shell
silicone
I'll put some on the bottom
and I'll do it now it'll be put
this cacao cream from the field over
this little monkey I put in the
Bottom I know that in Brazil you do not have to
sell this cacao cream from the field but
you can use that coverage of the
chocolate cake I left on the channel
the revenue will also leave here in
low for you to see how it does
that chocolate coating is giving
It looks good in the same way and I go
then put a small daughter of those
in the middle
and now we 're going to run with the
remaining mass
and now we're going to take to roasting in
oven preheated by 180 degrees during
10 or 15 minutes or ten
minutes, I think it 'll be ready
because the molds are small then
have to keep an eye on it not to burn
when I started to loosen my lips fj
ready whenever not so if the boards
I cleaned with my finger because otherwise
burns and smells burned and still
the cupcakes are not ready and now
let's get going then this is personal
the final result of our
today mine has become thinner than the
normal because I 'm used half of the
dough for making bread
this line that remained of chocolate for
on top of him that he had left a little bit
in the pot of chocolate cookies and here
Are mine with cheese and chocolate?
It's a delight I do not put them
draw with the inside because
always pour some chocolate
melted go in then I wait
after I shot him from the oven
I put it in the dishes so I can stay
cute little gets super creamy inside
I had shown the side for you to see.
it's a delight
I hope you try this
recipe looks good the same way with
the one with that chocolate coating
I taught you in the other video.
I have explained that I will leave the
link below for you
and then that's how the dough gets really cute
well spongy because of the cold
and for what we add to it
was made
I hope you have enjoyed it if you
Did you like that I liked it for me? Do not let it get
subscribe to the channel to stay connected on
all the news a kiss and until the
Next video bye